Autonomous Squad Assault was developed using Python 3.5.3 on Linux.

It should be able to run on other platforms that support Python 3, but it has not been tested on other platforms.

These instructions assume that you have little to no Python background, but should enable you to get the
Autonomous Squad Assault simulation running.


== Installation Instructions ==
1.  Install Python 3 on your platform.

If you are using Linux or macOS, there's a good chance that you might have Python already installed.  Open a terminal
and try running "python3 --version".  If you are on another platform, point your web browser to https://www.python.org,
download the latest release for your platform and follow the installation instructions for your platform.

2.  Install virtualenv.

virtualenv is a localized Python package management system that allows Python packages to be installed locally for
Python projects.    Follow the virtualenv installation instructions at
https://packaging.python.org/guides/installing-using-pip-and-virtualenv/

3.  Create a virtualenv environment

In the Autonomous Squad Assault directory, run the following command:

python3 -m venv .venv

This will create an empty virtualenv environment in the ".venv" directory.  This allows Autonomous Squad Assault
requirements to be installed locally.

4.  Activate the virtualenv environment

In the Autonomous Squad Assault directory, run the following command:

source .venv/bin/activate

This should prepend "(.venv)" to your shell prompt, letting you know that you are in the virtualenv.

5.  Install Autonomous Squad Assault Python requirements

While inside the virtualenv and in the Autonomous Squad Assault directory, run the following command:

pip install -r requirements.txt

This will install the Python packages needed to run Autonomous Squad Assault in the virtualenv.

6.  Run the simulation

python3 auto_assault.py


== Simulation Parameters ==
You can specify how many warbots you want in the simulation using the -r command line flag:

python3 auto_assault.py -r N

where N is the desired number of warbots.  You can specify between 2 and 10 warbots.  The default is 5.


You can specify how many opposing force soldiers (OPFOR) you want in the simulation using the -e command line flag:

python3 auto_assault.py -e X

where X is the desired number of OPFOR.  You can specify between 1 and 10 OPFOR.  The default is 5.


You can specify how many civilians you want in the simulation using the -c command line flag:

python3 auto_assault.py -c Y

where Y is the desired number of civilians.  You can specify between 0 and 20 civilians.  The default is 5.


Multiple command line flags can be combined together to tailor the simulation to your desired parameters
and / or performance needs:

python3 auto_assault.py -r N -e X -c Y

Enjoy the simulation!